20 Jan
ENd of day summary: Read all below. it's all pertinent. I was unable to receive observations using the new radio. Even though it says it was paired, the base station was transmitting, and the old radio worked just fine. ANother conclusion: after getting RTK with the old RFD900+ radios, adding in the telemetry link caused the rover piksi to stop receiving observations from the base station. THe telemetry link was just fine - it was getting like 100% of the packets, but the rover piksi was not receiving anything, even with the using the radio that was previously working. At the test at the high bay, it was adding in the new PIksi radio link that caused a diferent telemetry link to go down. Perhaps those radios just need to be deconflicted. Maybe they have the same Net IDs as someone? Really need to be able to communicate with them directly, not through the piksi console.

10:54 - power up
10:58 - connected via piksi console. I can see that both pIkis are getting good satellite data,but neither one of them is receivng observations. The rover should be receiving observations from the base station. The new radio is being used by the rover. Perhaps I need to program it? I will do so and put it in multicast mode. It is strange, however, that it says that it is paired with the other one.
Programming it with a NetId of 1. Using this string: AT&F,ATS1=57,ATS2=64,ATS5=0,ATS15=1,ATS18=3,AT&W,ATZ. Done, now power cycling. Same thing. It's strange that I can see that the base station's radio is transmitting. THe radio's red led is flashing. I switched the radios from having the rover use the new one to using the old one. Now, receiving packets. I will program it also with a similar string to see if that was it. Using this new to program the rover's old radio. AT&F,ATS1=57,ATS2=64,ATS5=0,ATS15=2,ATS18=3,AT&W,ATZ. No change. It's hard to tell if that new config string is actually doing anything.

11:18 - hooked the new radio back up. Same issue. New radio's led indicates that it is paired, but the Piksi is not receiving any observations from the base station. Hooked the old radio back up, and bam! it's working just fine. Either the new radio isn't programed correctly, or I hooked the wires up wrong.

11:34 - ok. I got the PIksis to RTK and then added in the Pixhawk. Well, then the rover piksi (which was still connected via Console) stopped receiving observations from the base station. From the base station's piksi console, I could see that it was still in good health. And it's radio indicates that it's transmitting. However both of the RFD900+ radios are now flashing green and red. That's not good. Adding the telemetry link caused things to go haywire. The rover piksi stopped reciving observations even though the base station piksi seemed in good health. Perhaps they have conflicting NetIds? Used MissionPlanner to inspect the properties of the radios. They are both using a NetID of 25. AND, they are confined to the frequency band 920 - 935 MHz. THese are the 3dr radios with the red dots on the antennas.

Later in the day: Got cable. Hooked up the new radio to the rover Piksi, and it says that they are paired. Now, should I test to see if it can get RTK or should I see what happens when the other radio is plugged in? Well, I connected the other radio to the other UART connection on the rover Piksi. It shows that it is paired also. Maybe it's that easy?

Plan moving forward: 
1.  Get Evan to make another RFD900 - Piksi cable.
2a. If the RFD900 - USB cable has not arrived, attempt to program all the radios using the Piksi console. There will be no way of being certain that the correct configuration string is on there (the Piksi console doesn't show you what's stored in the flash). Will just have to program them and hope that it takes correctly. Can power both of the remote radios from one piksi by making use of both UART ports. THen we can look at the flashing lights and determine if they are all connected.

2b. If the RFD900 - USB cable has arrived, program the radios by the modem tool that I downloaded to DIrectorsCup\Radios. Verify that they are working via lights also.

ABout to start programming radios. RIght now, have the default setup string which is AT&F,ATS1=57,ATS2=64,ATS5=0,AT&W,ATZ. Both radios are showing a solid green light meaning that they can communicate with each other. Entered a new config string for the base station piksi and saved that to flash. Power cycled it, but the old string showed up. Maybe it displays the default string? Unsure. Well, I could program the other 2, but I only have cables for one of the remotes. There would be no way of telling if they were all connected to each other. Need Evan to make me a cable so that we can connect the other one to the other piksi.


19 Jan
End of day: Ready to start programming the radios, hoping that their firmware is set to something that is able to do the multicast. 

18 Jan
seems like we're having the issue with registering too many clicks whenever we try to select a marker that has multiple at that point. especially if you get the thing where multiple tool tips are up, then if that's the first marker you're trying to click, it'll think it's both of them.

8 Jan
69.1 @ 21, 66.32
68.8, 43.77

28 July 
Good resource for info on the map stuff:
http://www.independent-software.com/gmap-net-tutorial-maps-markers-and-polygons/
http://geekswithblogs.net/saifkhan/archive/2011/08/03/using-gmap.net-ndash-great-maps-for-windows-forms-amp-presentation.aspx

27 July
Working on getting user-defined polygons in there. The functionality already exists in "Flight pLanner" screen. And you can even view it with live data, by right clicking on the map while in the "Flight Data" tab. It is much slower to respond though. Will be wanting to port that ability to draw polygons over to the Flight Data screen. Ideally, the user could push a button to mark a corner, or load a saved polygon from disk. Even better, we may want it to where the user presses a button, the current location is grabbed, and then the user can define a polygon based on distance offsets from it.

27 April
Well I changed it so that MissionPlanner's CurrentState.cs only updated its lat/lng when GPSStatus2 == 5. But I still got some big skips from the mission on 22 March. Not as many, but still some, and just as severe as the others. 

Been noticing that in Mission Planner, the rover is bounching between Piksi GPS and crappy GPS. Sometimes, even when the Piksi Console says that it still has Fixed RTK. Going over the log files, it looks like FlightData.cs will be receving and updating its lat/lon based on EITHER messages received from either GPS1 or GPS2. So if the Piksi is supposed to work right out of the box, then the ardupilot embedded software shouldn't be transmitting that GPS info unless GPS2Status is less than 5. Perhaps there is an issue on the embedded side.